Update the 9.0 APM Upgrade guide (#922)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/apps/upgrade-self-installation-of-apm-integration-to-8x.md

## Prerequisites [_prerequisites_9]

> 1. Prior to upgrading to version 9.0, {{es}}, and {{kib}} must be upgraded to version 7.17. To upgrade {{es}} and {{kib}}, see the [{{stack}} Installation and Upgrade Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elastic-stack/7.17/upgrading-elastic-stack.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Prior to upgrading to version 9.0, {{es}}, and {{kib}} must be upgraded to version 8.18. To upgrade {{es}} and {{kib}}, see the [{{stack}} Installation and Upgrade Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elastic-stack/8.18/upgrading-elastic-stack.html)
```

2. Review the [Elastic APM release notes](apm-server://release-notes/index.md) and [Elastic {{observability}} release notes](/release-notes/elastic-observability/release-notes.md).

## Upgrade steps [_upgrade_steps_2]

1. Upgrade the {{stack}} to version 9.0.

    The {{stack}} ({{es}} and {{kib}}) must be upgraded before {{agent}}. See the [{{stack}} Installation and Upgrade Guide](../../../deploy-manage/upgrade/deployment-or-cluster.md) for guidance.

2. Upgrade {{agent}} to version 9.0 As a part of this process, the APM integration will automatically upgrade to version 9.0.

    1. In {{fleet}}, select **Agents**.
    2. Under **Agents**, click **Upgrade available** to see a list of agents that you can upgrade.
    3. Choose **Upgrade agent** from the **Actions** menu next to the agent you want to upgrade. The **Upgrade agent** option is grayed out when an upgrade is unavailable, or the {{kib}} version is lower than the agent version.

    For more details, or for bulk upgrade instructions, see [Upgrade {{agent}}](/reference/fleet/upgrade-elastic-agent.md)

> 3. When upgrading from 7.x to 9.0 if you reindex 7.x indices, you need to either add [ILM privileges](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/guide/7.17/privileges-to-setup-beats.html#_set_up_ilm) for `reindexed-v*-apm*` indices or set the indices to `readonly`.

Author: @simitt I added the 7.x to 9.0 note here assuming the reindex would happen at the end of upgrading. Is that the case, or should this be a prerequisite?

> 3. When upgrading from 7.x to 9.0 if you reindex 7.x indices, you need to either add [ILM privileges](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/guide/7.17/privileges-to-setup-beats.html#_set_up_ilm) for `reindexed-v*-apm*` indices or set the indices to `readonly`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When upgrading from 8.18 to 9.0, if you have 7.x indices, you need to either set the indices to readonly, or if reindexing them, add [ILM privileges](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/guide/7.17/privileges-to-setup-beats.html#_set_up_ilm) for `reindexed-v*-apm*` indices.
```
